MAXIMMERSE LICENSE AGREEMENT


READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.  THIS LICENSE 
AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT CONCERNING THE PROGRAM BETWEEN YOU AND 
EMERGENT GAME TECHNOLOGIES, (REFERRED TO AS LICENSOR), AND IT SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR 
PROPOSAL, REPRESENTATION, OR UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES.  BY COPYING THE 
COMPUTER SOFTWARE AND USER DOCUMENTATION (THE "PROGRAM"), YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND 
AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE 
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU SHOULD PROMPTLY REMOVE THE 
PROGRAM FROM YOUR COMPUTER.

1. License Grant.  Licensor hereby grants to you, and you accept, a nonexclusive 
license to use the computer software contained therein in object-code-only form 
(collectively referred to as the Software), and the accompanying User 
Documentation, only as authorized in this License Agreement.  You agree that
you will not assign, sublicense, transfer, pledge, lease, rent, or share your
rights under this License Agreement.  

2. Licensor's Rights.  You acknowledge and agree that the Program consists of 
proprietary, unpublished products of Licensor,  protected under U.S, copyright 
law and trade secret laws of general applicability.  You further acknowledge and 
agree that all right, title, and interest in and to the Program are and shall 
remain with Licensor.  This License Agreement does not convey to you an interest 
in or to the Program, but only a limited right of use revocable in accordance 
with the terms of this License Agreement.

3. Term.  This License Agreement is effective upon your downloading this
software and shall continue until terminated.  You may terminate this
License Agreement at any time by deleting the program from your computer.
Licensor may terminate this License Agreement upon the breach by you of any
term hereof.  Upon such termination by Licensor, you agree to delete the program
and all copies and portions thereof.

4. THE PROGRAM, AND THE SOFTWARE CONTAINED THEREIN, ARE LICENSED "AS IS" AND 
LICENSOR DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. Limitation of Liability.  Licensor's cumulative liability to you or any other 
party for any loss or damages resulting from any claims, demands, or actions 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall not exceed the license fee 
paid to Licensor for the use of the Program.  In no event shall Licensor be 
liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or exemplar damages 
or lost profits, even if Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such 
damages.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO 
YOU.

6. Governing Law.  This License Agreement shall be construed and governed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina.

7. Costs of Litigation.  If any action is brought by either party to this 
License Agreement against the other party regarding the subject matter hereof, 
the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover, in addition to any other 
relief granted, reasonable attorney fees and expenses of litigation.

8. Severability.  Should any term of this License Agreement be declared void or 
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such declaration shall 
have no effect on the remaining terms hereof.

9. No Waiver.  The failure of either party to enforce any rights granted 
hereunder or to take action against the other party in the event of any breach 
hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver by that party as to subsequent 
enforcement of rights or subsequent actions in the event of future breaches.


	



